---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/story/chapter-1/"}
---

7/31/25

## Give Those Folks 10% Off
Mid-afternoon in Thnekarbo, the capital city of [[Locations/Fabergar\|Fabergar]]. President [[Characters/Fabergar/Mundryd Jones\|Mundryd Jones]] walks around his city dressed in his finest finery, checking in on his subjects. For the most part, the only people in the streets are the dwarven construction workers who are making more gigantic stone buildings and being very loud about it.

His first stop is Swag Rags, a boutique he established after becoming the lord of Fabergar. However, he fails to remember the names of, or even recognize, the staff he appointed to run the shop. He enters the head tailor's office and confronts him about the designs being behind the times and that the tailor needs to be more innovative. Mundryd hasn't adjusted to how long it takes to make clothing in Ritravis. He is temporarily satisfied by the tailor explaining that his recent design is very durable and consistently selling well, mostly because of the construction workers. However, Mundryd still urges him to step it up as he leaves. Noticing that all the Swag Rags customers are staring at him and overheard the confrontation, he decides to give them all 10% off their orders for the day.

Next he visits an eatery called McJones, another business he established. It uses a revolutionary new system where after a customer places an order, they can retrieve it from a big hole in the kitchen wall as they leave the building. Mundryd cuts the line of customers and asks the clerk, a dwarf woman named [[Characters/Fabergar/Minor Fabergans\|Wudalm]], if his order is ready yet, despite never having placed one. He claims that the # 1 combo meal is his, because it's named after him, so if one is being cooked it's for him. A short woman in line confronts him about his behavior and attempts to shove him, but she can't make him budge. She storms out in anger.

Mundryd then goes outside and distracts the customers waiting for their food to cut in that line, and grabs "his" order from the window. It turns out to belong to a human girl named [[Characters/Fabergar/Minor Fabergans\|Tatey]], who is visibly upset but says nothing. To distract the patrons from being upset at him, Mundryd gives them all 10% off their orders for the day. A customer in the back of the pickup line, a dwarven man named [[Characters/Fabergar/Minor Fabergans\|Aggrup]], happily declares Mundryd to be "wack". As a result, the President/Lord/King gives him 20% off.

After eating his combo meal (which comes on stone dishes that must be returned to McJones later), Mundryd visits a primarily dwarven bar - The Tiny Tankard. [[Characters/Fabergar/Dale Diesel\|Dale Diesel]] is here on lunch, drinking and complaining with his construction worker buddies. Mundryd confronts him and tells him to get back to work because he's been slacking off for too long. His demands are worded poorly and the other dwarves at the table take it as an offense to all of them, and a bar brawl begins. Mundryd unsuccessfully offers them 10% off their ale, then tries unsuccessfully to fight them off. One particularly angry and drunk man smashes a wooden chair over Mundryd's head, who promptly runs away.

The angry dwarf mob chases him to Swag Rags, where he promises each of them a free outfit and an extended lunch break, which seems to placate them. However, Mundryd decides to further get back into their good graces by pulling a stunt he's pulled many times before - luring a monster to the city's edge, then heroically battling it under the guise of Mysterious Orange. He drags Dale off and forces him to transform into Mysterious Purple, and they are found by Aggrup as they leave the city. He follows them to the woods to see the fight up close.

However, he gets so excited that he charges ahead and disturbs a dire bear. Orange and Purple have no choice but to try and save him. In the panic, their aim is shaky, and many blows with their weapons simply glance off the bear's tough hide. Mundryd is badly injured during the fight, confirming what he has feared ever since the chair was smashed on his head - he seems to have lost his invincibility power. Things are getting desperate, and it looks like time for a retreat.

Suddenly a green laser comes out of nowhere and distracts the bear. In order to protect Aggrup (who he keeps confusing for a human child rather than a dwarven adult), Mundryd "deputizes" him and magically outfits him in matching Mysterious Orange armor. The group then takes the opportunity to run away, back towards Thnekarbo. Upon seeing the crowd gathered at the city gates, the bear chooses to give up the chase and return to the forest. The people celebrate their mysterious heroes, and Aggrup's suit vanishes in front of everyone, revealing his secret identity. Mysterious Orange then makes a hasty retreat with Mysterious Purple in tow before anyone can get a good look at all the blood and his torn up suit.

Aggrup follows them both once more, concerned for Orange's well-being. He suggests that perhaps the cause is that the suit is broken or malfunctioning, and that perhaps they should travel east to [[Locations/Cepriso\|Cepriso]], since the craftsmen there are said to be able to do anything. As they depart, Aggrup promises to cover for them and smooth things over. He also reminds Mundryd that he ought to probably take care of the Dark Lord while he's on his trip.